update teams documentation (#1874)
openedx/edx-documentation: en_us/shared/course_features/teams/teams_setup.rst

*******************************

Using teams in your course is an effective way for learners to interact and
collaborate on small group projects or activities. You define the structure of

> teams in your course by defining "Team Sets", groups of teams based around a specific

Reviewer: Confirm w/ Sapana the canonical punctuation/capitalization.

e.g. Team Sets vs Team sets vs team sets vs Team-Sets vs Team-sets vs team-sets

Reviewer 2: I think we are going with Team-Sets as the standardized version for customer-facing (re: 5170)

Reviewer 2: note: not going to comment on other instances, but should copy the decided-on wording throughout

topic or assignment. Each learner can belong to one team per Team Set, so you can set
up a Team Set where learners can join a team to discuss a certain course topic,
or set up a Team Set where learners can join a team to work on a group assignment.

When a team is created, it is given an name and description to identify it. 

> It can also optionally specify a primary communication language

Reviewer: Wording nit: the team itself is not the subject doing the action of setting a language
```suggestion
A primary communication language can optionally be specified
```

Reviewer 2: +1

and a primary country that members identify with. Team characteristics might
serve as the basis for attracting new members, resulting in small groups of
learners with similar interests and goals who will work together on projects
or activities within the same topic area.

Teams are most effective when learners have a clear reason for joining a team,
and a clear outcome to achieve with fellow team members. For example, you
might create an assignment that consists of a group project or activity, 
and ask learners to join teams of their choice within a specific teamset to complete
the assignment. Team members can use discussions within the team to communicate
and collaborate on the assignment. If you want only to  provide a way for learners

> to connect socially, consider using discussions  within the course rather than teams.

Reviewer 2: double-space

*******************************

Using teams in your course is an effective way for learners to interact and
collaborate on small group projects or activities. You define the structure of

> teams in your course by defining "team-sets", groups of teams based around a specific

Author: need to change this term as I guess they aren't "team-sets" anymore?

topic or assignment. Each learner can belong to one team per team-set, so you can set

> up a team-set where learners can join a team to discuss a certain course topic,

Author: and here

> or set up a team-set where learners can join a team to work on a group assignment.

Author: and here

Author: not gonna continue but just blanket we should be consistent with terms and even though we weren't a part of this discussion, the UI uses a new term now so we should change the docs i guess

You can also configure "instructor-managed" team-sets. This is a setting which allows
course staff much greater control of course teams.  In instructor-managed team-sets,
instructors create and control the membership of all teams. More information on
instructor-managed team-sets and instructions on how to set them up are contained later
in this document, in the section :ref:`Team-set Types`. To make controlling course team
memberships across teams and team-sets easier, there is a CSV upload tool that allows
course staff to add and remove learners from teams across team-sets in bulk. More
information on this tool can be found in the section :ref:`Managing Teams via CSV Upload`

> When a team is created, it is given an name and description to identify it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a team is created, it is given a name and description to identify it. 
```

To enable and configure teams in your course, modify the **Teams
Configuration** policy key on the **Advanced Settings** page so that the key

> includes team set names and the maximum team size.

Reviewer: Same note here about canonical spelling of `team set`

.. note:: The **Teams** page in the LMS becomes available only after you have
   specified at least one team set.

.. note::  EdX recommends that you do not delete team sets once your course is
   running. If you delete a team set from the **Teams Configuration** policy key,
   that team set is no longer visible in the LMS, and learners will not be able to leave

>    teams associated with the deleted team set. (This isn't even true. They'll still show up on My Teams)

Author: This is a draft but don't merge this xD

Reviewer: Yeah, this feels like an area to clarify w/ product what we want and how it deviates from actual behavior.

Reviewer 2: Yeah... if this is the intended behavior (enough to be used for user-facing docs) I feel like there should be a ticket for it,

   ``"max_team_size": 5``

>    Max Team Size should 

Reviewer: Unfinished sentence fragment?

#. To specify team sets within which teams can be created, add entries under
   ``"team_sets"``. For each team set, provide a description, name, and ID as shown
   in the example. You may also optionally provide a ``"type"`` for each teamset,

>    which will be explained later in this document.

Reviewer: For narrative flow, I think it makes sense to give a brief description of the "type" instead of hinting at it but not explaining it.
```suggestion
   which sets the visibility and access for teams. Different ``"type"`` configurations are explained in the next section"
```

Reviewer 2: +1

   ``"team_sets"``. For each team set, provide a description, name, and ID as shown
   in the example. You may also optionally provide a ``"type"`` for each teamset,
   which will be explained later in this document.

   Make sure that you enclose all of the sets of topic values within a set of
   Make sure that you enclose all of the sets of team set values within a set of
   square brackets, with a comma after the closing square bracket.

   .. note:: If you create more than one topic, make sure that you add a comma
      after the closing curly brace of each topic that has another topic
   .. note:: If you create more than one team set, make sure that you add a comma
      after the closing curly brace of each team set that has another team set
      following it. The syntax that you use must match the example syntax
      exactly. Missing or incorrect indentation, curly braces, brackets, or
      punctuation marks cause errors.

   .. note:: For topic IDs, you can use only alphanumeric characters and the
   .. note:: For team set IDs, you can use only alphanumeric characters and the
      underscore, hyphen, and period characters.

::

   {

>     "topics": [

Reviewer: I thought we still called this `topics`

Author: calling it topics is deprecated, but still allowed

            "description": "Description for Water Conservation",
            "id": "Water_Conservation",
            "type": "private_managed"
        },
        {
            "name": "Sustainability Standards and Reporting",
            "description": "Description for Sustainability Standards",
            "id": "Standards_Reporting",
            "type": "public_managed"
        }
    ],
    "max_team_size": 5
   }

The team sets you have created appear on the **Teams** page in the LMS when
learners browse teams by team set. The **Teams** page is not visible until you
have created at least one team set.

.. image:: ../../../../shared/images/Teams_TopicsView.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Three team sets on the Browse Teams page.

.. _Team Set Types:

******************
Team Set Types
******************

> Each team set has a 'type'. Setting a team set's type allows you to control who can see, create, and join teams within

Reviewer: This is an excellent intro line 🥇

the team set. The three team set types are:
    - open (default)
    - private managed
    - public managed

Open team sets are the least restrictive. Learners can freely join, leave, and create teams within an open teamset.
All teams within an open teamset, as well as their membership information, are visible to anyone enrolled in the course.

Private and Public Managed team sets are referred to together as Managed. In Managed team sets, users cannot create,
join, or leave teams. The creation, deletion, and membership of teams in a Managed teamset is all controlled by course

> staff. Course staff can control team membership through the **Manage** tab on the **Teams** page. (The **Manage** tab 

Reviewer: Same note about "teamset" syntax

see that the private team set exists.

If a team set is specified in the Advanced Course Settings without a 'type', the team set will default to Open.

Here is a table to quickly compare the differences between the different team set types. The 'Teams Configuration Value' 
column contains the value that you should set "type" to in the Course Advanced Configuration.

================  ===========================  ==========================  =====================================  =============================
 Name              Teams Configuration Value    Learner can create teams    Learner can join/leave teams freely    Learner can see other teams
================  ===========================  ==========================  =====================================  =============================
Open               open                         True                        True                                   True
Public Managed     public_managed               False                       False                                  True
Private Managed    private_managed              False                       False                                  False

> ================  ===========================  ==========================  =====================================  =============================

Reviewer 2: ++

Author: What does this comment mean?

Create a Team
******************

Although learners in your course may be able create their own teams, you can seed open
team sets with a few teams to give learners some ideas for their own teams.

Course team members who have the **Staff**, **Admin**, **Discussion Admin**,
or **Discussion Moderator** role can create new teams within team sets.
**Community TAs** and learners in the course can also create teams, although
learners can create a new team only in open team sets and only if they do not already
belong to a team in that team set.

To create a team, follow these steps.

#. From the **Teams** page in the LMS, select **Browse**, then select the
   team set in which you want to create a team.

#. At the bottom of the list of teams within the team set, select the **create a

>    new team in this team set** link.

Reviewer 2: Should this be updated in the code as well as part of 5170 to match the user-facing terminology?

    cho,       masters,    Basiliks,        Expulso 
    fred,      audit,      ,  
    george,    audit,      ,

He decides he wants to add them to the “Werewolves” and “Dragons” teams for the ``dark-creatures`` team-set but wants them
on a new “Confringo” team for ``curses``.

.. code::

    user,      mode,       dark-creatures,  curses
    harry,     verified,   Dragons,         Mimble Wimble
    ron,       audit,      Dragons,         Morsmordre
    luna,      verified,   Werewolves,      Morsmordre
    draco,     verified,   Werewolves,      Mimble Wimble 
    hermione,  masters,    Basiliks,        Expulso 
    cho,       masters,    Basiliks,        Expulso 
    fred,      audit,      Werewolves,      Confringo
    george,    audit,      Dragons,         Confringo

Uploading this updated CSV, the new “Confringo” team is created and Fred and George have been assigned to their respective teams.

Error Conditions
-----------------

**Header must contain column ‘user’ / Header must contain column ‘mode’**

The CSV is improperly formatted: the first row must contain the headers “user” and “mode”, in that order
(see Membership CSV File Schema).

> **Teamset with id [ID] is duplicated**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Team-set with id [ID] is duplicated**
```

A team-set cannot be listed more than once in the header of the CSV file. Remove the duplicated column and confirm
desired team mappings before re-uploading.

> **Teamset with id [ID] does not exist**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Team-set with id [ID] does not exist**
```

Team-sets must be configured in Teams Configuration before teams can be assigned. Teams, however, can be created
directly from the Membership CSV.

> **Team(s) [team] don’t have matching teamsets**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Team(s) [team] don’t have matching team-sets**
```
